Nintendo FAQS:

How can I purchase a membership?
Beginning September 18, 2018 Nintendo Switch Online individual and family memberships can be purchased directly 
through the Nintendo eShop (either on Nintendo Switch or through the My Nintendo™️ Store).
Additionally, download codes for individual and family memberships can be purchased through select retailers.

How much does it cost?
For a list of current subscription plans and pricing, please read How Much Does a Nintendo Switch Online Membership Cost?.

Can I try Nintendo Switch Online for free?
In the United States, Canada, and Mexico, you can sign up for a free trial membership to try Nintendo Switch 
Online for free for 7 days. For information about signing up for a free trial membership, please read How to 
Sign Up for a Free Nintendo Switch Online Trial Membership.

What are the requirements to use the Nintendo Switch Online service?
You will need the following:
A Nintendo Account
Internet access
Nintendo Switch system with system menu version 6.0 or higher
Smart device with Nintendo Switch Online app version 1.4.0 or higher (only required for in-game voice chat features)

How is this service different from the free service that was offered when Nintendo Switch launched?
Nintendo Switch Online offers much more than just the ability to play online multiplayer games. Members also have access to a 
library of classic NES and Super NES games that can be played online with friends, Save Data Cloud backup, the Nintendo Switch 
Online smartphone app and special offers.

Is a Nintendo Switch Online membership needed for Wii U or Nintendo 3DS games?
The paid online service is for Nintendo Switch games only. Online play for the Wii U and Nintendo 3DS systems will continue as normal, at no additional cost.

Can I use My Nintendo Gold Points to purchase the Nintendo Switch Online membership?
Gold Points can be used when purchasing a membership in the Nintendo eShop. They cannot be used for auto-renewal.

Questions about the Nintendo Switch Online app
For information about the Nintendo Switch Online application for smart devices, please read Nintendo Switch Online App Overview and FAQ.

What is the difference between an individual membership and a family membership?
An individual membership provides Nintendo Switch Online service to the Nintendo Account that purchased the service. 
Individual memberships are available in 1-month, 3-month, or 1-year increments.
A family membership provides the Nintendo Switch Online service to everyone in the purchaser's family group (up to 8 people). 
Family memberships are available in 12-month increments only. To learn more about the benefits of a family membership, 
please read Information About Nintendo Switch Online Family Memberships.

Can I change the members in my family membership?
Yes. Members added to the owner's family group will be included in the family membership plan for as long as they remain in the group.

Learn more about How to Add Members to a Family Group.

Can Nintendo Accounts with different country settings share a family membership?
Yes. However, not all features are available in all countries.

Do all family members need to use the same system or live in the same household?
No. A Nintendo Switch Online family membership is linked to the Nintendo Account - not a specific Nintendo Switch console. 
It can be used on any Nintendo Switch console that the member signs in from.

Can I change from a family membership to an individual membership (or vice versa)?
If you are already part of a family membership, it is not possible to purchase or change to an individual membership.
Additionally, download codes for individual memberships cannot be redeemed by someone who is already covered by a family 
membership. However, if someone else in your family group purchased the family membership, you can leave the family group 
and purchase an individual membership for yourself.
If you already have an individual membership, you can purchase a family membership at a discounted price from the Nintendo eShop, where available.
You may also find our Information on Changing a Nintendo Switch Online Membership Type (Individual or Family) helpful.

If I purchase additional memberships, will it extend out my current membership time?
You can purchase multiple memberships of the same type (individual or family) to extend your overall membership time, 
up to 3-years (1,095 days) total. Please note that you cannot combine time from a family membership and an individual membership.
You may also find our information on Can I Purchase Multiple Nintendo Switch Online Memberships to Extend My Membership Time helpful.

How long can I extend my membership?
You can purchase multiple memberships of the same type (individual or family) to extend your overall membership time, up to 3-years (1,095 days) total.
You may also find our information on Can I Purchase Multiple Nintendo Switch Online Memberships to Extend My Membership Time helpful.

What happens if I delete a Nintendo Account with a Nintendo Switch Online membership?
If you delete a Nintendo Account with a Nintendo Switch Online membership, you will no longer be able to use the online service with that account.
If you have purchased a family membership, the other members of your family group will also no longer be able to use the service.
Additionally, we are unable to guarantee that cloud save data will be retained after an extended period of time from when your 
membership is ended. However, you can continue to use the save data that is saved to your system memory.
Please note that we are unable to refund remaining time on the membership if your Nintendo Account is deleted.
You may also find our information on How to Delete a Nintendo Account helpful.

How can I adjust my auto-renewal settings?
Auto-renewal can be turned off through "Your Subscriptions" in your Nintendo eShop or Nintendo Account settings. Once it's turned off, it cannot be turned on again.
Whenever you change your membership type or duration, you should also verify that your auto-renewal settings are set correctly for your preferred membership plan.
We may receive updated information from your issuing bank or applicable payment service provider about the credit card that you have stored 
in your Nintendo Account for auto-renewal. This means we may update the saved credit card's number and expiration date if it is replaced or 
it expired. This helps ensure that your subscriptions automatically renew successfully, even if your credit card information changes.
You may also find our information on How to Adjust Nintendo Switch Online Auto-Renewal Settings helpful.

How can I see my current membership information?
You can view your current membership plan through "Your Subscriptions" in your Nintendo eShop or Nintendo Account 
settings, or by selecting Nintendo Switch Online from the HOME Menu of your Nintendo Switch.
You may also find our information on How to View Your Nintendo Switch Online Status helpful.

Can I suspend my Nintendo Switch Online membership if I won't be using it for a while?
No, it is not possible to suspend use of the service.
Please note that if your system is sent to Nintendo for repair, your Nintendo Switch Online membership time will 
automatically be extended accordingly. This does not apply to repairs for standalone accessories, including Joy-Con.

I'm moving. Will I keep my Nintendo Switch Online membership if I update my Nintendo Account country setting?
Yes. Your Nintendo Switch Online membership will remain active if you change your Nintendo Account settings to a country that supports Nintendo Switch Online.
